Azure/Google Deployment docs updates (#3140)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/deploy/public-clouds/aws/cloudformation.md

## Prerequisites

> 1. You need to have a IAM user who has `AWSCloudFormationFullAccess` privilege.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You need to have an IAM user who has `AWSCloudFormationFullAccess` privilege.
```

> 2. Create a ssh key pair that you want to attach to the nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an SSH key pair that you want to attach to the nodes.
```

> 3. In the region you want to bring up the stack make sure you can launch new VPC's  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the region you want to bring up the stack, make sure you can launch new VPCs.  
```

> 4. Download the template file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Download the template file.
```

Create CloudFormation template:

```sh
$ aws --region <aws-region> cloudformation create-stack --stack-name <stack-name> --template-body file://yugabyte_cloudformation.yaml --parameters  ParameterKey=DBVersion,ParameterValue=2.0.6.0,ParameterKey=KeyName,ParameterValue=<ssh-key-name>
```
Once resource creation completes, check that stack was created:

```sh
$ aws --region <aws-region> cloudformation describe-stacks --stack-name <stack-name>
```
From this output, you will be able to get the VPC id and YugabyteDB admin URL.

> Keep in mind the stack creates a security group restricts access to the DB, you should update the security group inbound rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the stack creates a security group that restricts access to the database, you should update the security group inbound rules.
```

> Keep in mind the stack creates a security group restricts access to the DB, you should update the security group inbound rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the stack creates a security group that restricts access to the database, you might need to update the security group inbound rules if you have trouble connecting to it. 
```

Reviewer: Would you only update the inbound rules *if* you have trouble? Otherwise, are you saying: "... you might want to update the security group inbound rules to avoid have trouble connecting to it."

if you have trouble connecting to the DB.

## AWS Console

> 1. Navigate to your AWS console and open the CloudFormation dashboard. Click `Create Stack`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to your AWS console and open the CloudFormation dashboard. Click **Create Stack**.
```
